Remove deprecated py36 from README (#67)
python/typing_extensions: README.md

- Enable use of new type system features on older Python versions. For example,
  `typing.TypeGuard` is new in Python 3.10, but `typing_extensions` allows

>   users on Python 3.7 through 3.9 to use it too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  users on previous Python versions to use it too.
```
Maybe less busy work for whenever 3.7 dies? ;-)
